The history of the man known to the Angels as "the Creepy Thin Man" is shrouded in mystery and conjecture. At the age of seven, he was brought to a Catholic orphanage run by nuns during a stormy night, having been found by police in the nearby forest, living wild off roots and berries. Though his exact origins remain murky, the Mother Superior of the order believed him to be the child of Romanian circus performers who had recently died in a terrible fire. Discovered to be mute, physical examinations determined that there was nothing physically wrong with the boy, lending credence to the Reverend Mother's theory that he had undergone a severe psychological trauma. Lacking a name, the nuns dubbed the child "Anthony", after St. Anthony of Padua, Healer of the Mute.

Despite his lack of communication, Anthony's violent tendencies were already very much in evidence; he had apparently fought with the Sheriff who brought him to the nuns' doorstep, the man sporting a black eye and the child being placed in heavy shackles.

Anthony grew attached to the orphanage and to the nuns who raised him. He lived a normal life in the orphanage but his darker side manifested again when the time came for his first haircut; a strange impulse seized the normally quiet boy upon noticing a stray lock of hair dangling from beneath the Mother Superior's habit, and he tore the hair out with a whoop of joy. This would be the beginning of a lifelong hair fetish, manifesting later in his interactions with Charlie's Angels.

Career as an assassin
Anthony grew from boyhood to young manhood under the orphanage roof, until, according to the Reverend Mother, he was discovered one day to be "simply gone". It may be assumed that he found employment as an assassin-for-hire shortly after departing the nuns' care, as the Reverend Mother claimed that he was "the sole benefactor of [our] orphanage", regularly sending "gifts" (revealed to be expensive items taken from his victims) to pay for the place's upkeep. (It is unclear whether the Mother Superior was aware that Anthony's donations originated from blood money, and - if her assessment of him as "an angel" can be taken at face value - unlikely.)
